Assignment specification

This document describes the assignments in the course DIT595 – Industrial Best Practice.

The course is examined by a written report which is due 17/4/2014. The written report is composed of a set of parts which are the assignments in the course. The goal of this split is that each part will be reviewed by the course assistant and you will be provided feedback on each part.

However, only the final hand-in, which is the complete written report, is being assessed with the grade.

Written report

The written report should be a plan on how you want to conduct an industrial development project. By industrial development project we mean a project which can be your thesis project later on.

The written report should contain:

1. Executive summary (max 1 page)

2. Problem formulation (max 3 pages)

a. Description of what problem you are trying to solve

b. The description should highlight why the problem is important, for whom it is important and how it advances the state of the art/company business

c. Description of similar solutions available for the market

3. Roadmap and plan (max 5 pages)

a. Description on how to solve the problem using a roadmap

b. If the solution is a tool – how to plan the releases

c. If the solution is a model – how to develop, implement, adopt, evaluate, etc.

d. Project plan for the solution – the time scale can be thesis work or another project

4. Dissemination plan (max 2 pages)

a. Description on how to present/sell the solution to the company

b. Description on how to communicate the solution

5. Impact assessment (max 2 pages)

a. Description of how the solution advances the state of the art

b. Description of how the solution advances the society in general (e.g. better cars, faster mobiles)

6. Summary (max 1 page)

a. Account of how you can use the knowledge from the course in your further work

7. For VG only (only one point below is enough):

a. Demonstrator of your project (e.g. YouTube video)

b. Industrial thesis project (e.g. from a website of a company) rewritten to fit the format of the written report (add the original description to the report)

The written report will be assessed based on completeness (all elements above should be included), quality (level of advance of the chosen topic, language, references, readability, rhetoric) and novelty (the proposed project has to be something new, not an existing solution/tool/model).

Assignments (supporting the parts of the written report, not graded)

1. Problem outline

2. Problem formulation and identifying the niche/opportunity

3. Roadmap and plan

4. Dissemination plan

5. Impact assessment	